DOOMSAYER
The religious devotion oft the Doomsayer borders on the
fanatical. They believe that they were born into sin and the
only way to absolve themselves of it is through 'physical
purification', otherwise known as flagellation. They punish
themselves with ritual fHoggings, often with a cat-o-nine-
tails, but other punishments involve starvation, ritual burning,
marking of the flesh and even mutilation. Proud of their
scars and pain, Doomsayers see this as physical proof of their
devotion and love for their god. Their bodies are temples,
solemn places of suffering and fear that do not deserve their
Lord's grace. While this may seem grim, they find nothing
better in life than devoting themselves body and soul to the
holy spirits.
Doomsayers often go adventuring to spread the word of their
faith and show how to cleanse with pain. This makes them
resistant to hardship, their own - and that of others, their
devotion driving them to acts of well-intentioned sadism!
Worse, many a Doomsayer has gone into a frenzy after seeing
something man was not meant to see, stripping their back to
the bone or scorching their hands black, full of agony. Only
afterwards do they attempt to repent for what they have seen,
just to die slowly, blinding pain. Other adventurers wary of
the maddened Doomsayer, for filled with righteous wrath,
they are to0 ready to inflict the punishments their god has
demanded be meted out to sinners!
