ARTISAN
Butcher, baker or candlestick maker, Artisans produce the
trappings of civilized life. Through years of training and
practice, they hone skills until their hands move by instinct
and their eyes spot imperfections, exhibiting a precision and
expertise unmatched save by their peers. This, and membership
ot a guild, is what sets them apart from the common Laborer.
The guild is both fraternal society and closed shop, keeping
the integrity of their trade by preserving the more advanced
techniques for its members only. These 'mysteries are what
produce castle-torged steel, steam engines and the myriad
other rare but needed items in modern times. WVhatever their
trade, all Artisans take immense pride in their work.
While some Artisans do run their own business, most are
subject to their guild's statutes and bylaws. A rare few venture
out to perform dangerous tasks, as most Artisans simply
aren't cut out for a life of adventuring. Instead, they tend
to help their neighbors in other ways. A local brewmeister
may host the secret meetings of revolutionaries beneath their
workshop. Another may craft black market weaponry for
a local fence to sell off. The local butcher may serve darker
purposes, finding that vagrants better serve society fed to
their pigs or ground up into a warm meat pie. One way or
another they must support their neighbors - whether that
leads them to ruin is another matter.
